**Warning: this feature is not yet stable and currently under actively development; APIs may change until stablization**

This is a brief document about developing Xposed Modules using modern Xposed API. Documentation refinement is always welcome. Please submit a Feature Reuest issue with the refinement documentation for contribution.

### API Changes
Compared to the legacy XposedBridge APIs, the modern API has the following differences:
1. Java entry now uses in `META-INF/xposed/java_init.list` instead of `assets/xposed_init`; native entry now uses `META-INF/xposed/native_init.list`. Create a file in `src/main/resources/META-INF`, and Gradle will automatically package files into your APK. You should now be able to obfuscate your entry classes with R8 with proguard rules `adaptresourcefilenames`.
1. Modern API does not use metadata anymore as well. Module name uses the `android:label` resource; module description uses the `android:description` resource; minversion uses `META-INF/xposed/minversion`; scope list uses `META-INF/xposed/scope` (one line for one package name); targetversion is introduced and uses `META-INF/xposed/targetversion`.
1. Java entry should now implement `io.github.libxposed.XposedModule`. Each entry is a limited `android.content.Context`, providing a more familiar way for developers to handle. Most interfaces are not implemented by the `XposedModule` context, but will open more in the future. You can submit feature request with proper reason for a specific method.
1. Hook APIs are new but intentionally kept simple. We no longer provide interfaces like `XposedHelpers` in the framework anymore. But we will offer official libraries for a more friendly development kit. See [libxposed/helper](https://github.com/libxposed/helper) for this developing library.
1. Resource hooks are removed. Since we provide `XposedModule` context now, you can easily get the resource of your module. You can choice a better hook point to inject/modify the host resource.
1. You can communicate to the Xposed framework now. With the help of this feature, you can **dynamically request scope**, **share SharedPreference or blob file** across your module and hooked app, **check framework's name and version**, and more... To achieve this, you should declare a Xposed service in your module, and once your module is launched, the xposed framework will send you a service to communicate with the framework. See [libxposed/serivce](https://github.com/libxposed/service) for more details.